In exercise 6A, we wanted to modify
the describeGroup function to
only accept new users represented by
the spaceAvailable field of the group,
if there are fewer than 2 existing users.
So let's hop over into our
describeGroup function.
And on our group struct,
you'll see our spaceAvailable
attribute is set to a Boolean.
So before we spit out this description,
I wanna see like, hey,
how many users are in this group?
Do we need to modify that value,
update that struct and
then print out the resulting
value to the console here?
So at the top of our
describeGroup function,
let's throw in a little if block.
So we're gonna say if
len(g.users) > 2.
We wanna change that
spaceAvailable value to false.
And to modify an attribute,
you would dot notation and
then set that new value on
the right-hand side here.
So let's go ahead and print everything
to the console right now on line 51,
we're describing group g.
And group g only has, let's bring
it back down to 2 users at a time.
So if our logic is asking that if
it's more than 2, set it to false,
right now we only have 2, so we should
still see true in our terminal here.
If we run it,
we see that accepting new users is true.
If I make a new user here,
I'm just gonna copy this guy.
I'm not gonna modify the values for
now just for demonstration purposes, but
I will change the variable name to u3.
And if I add a third user
to our users slice here,
we now do have more users than 2.
So the length of our
group.users is now above 2.
So if I run it again,
I see that our accepting new
users has been changed to false.
So cool, everything seems like
it's working, everyone's happy.
But if we actually just print out
what our group looks like, so
g is our variable for
our instance of group.
In that describeGroup function,
I wanted to permanently modify this value.
I wanna say that, hey, if the user group
is higher than 2, don't accept new users,
spaceAvailable should be false, and
that should be a permanent modification.
So if I run this now, you'll see that
even though that string prints out false,
because in the describeGroup function,
we've modified it locally,
the actual group itself is still
printing true for that Boolean.
So something's happening or
we're not modifying that
variable in a permanent way.
And so an interesting thing
about the go language,
which is another really fascinating
part that differs pretty strongly from
JavaScript is the concept of pointers and
references.
We're gonna talk about
that in the next section,
where modifying a variable
permanently requires a little bit
more behavior than simply
modifying it in place.